add new counter (#91)
WindowsMeosu/peppypedia: docs/index.md

   * * *

>    peppypedia has been visited over [![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=WindowsMeosu&label=peppypedia&color=6&icon=2&pretty=false)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in) times. (any visits before 12/01/2022 do not count.)(note: the previous counter added on 12/02/2022 has been discarded from the service and any previous visits no longer counts)

Author: ```suggestion
   peppypedia has been visited over [![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=WindowsMeosu&label=peppypedia&color=6&icon=2&pretty=false)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in) times. (any visits before 12/01/2022 do not count.)(note: the previous counter added on 12/02/2022 has been discarded from the service. previous visits will no longer be counted)
```

Author: this works better
